Add Quinn and Alicja to the interview process (#1599)
sourcegraph/about: handbook/product/roles/product_designer.md

- Experience working in cross-functional teams on multiple projects in tandem.

> - Experience building or contributing to the design of consumer or enterprise applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience designing for of B2B or B2D (developer) applications.
```

- Experience working with distributed or remote teams.

> - Experience builing and developing complex design systems.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Experience building and implementing complex design systems.
```

> - Experience working on or leading big product redesign.

Reviewer 2: Want to clarify it's about the visual design more than how the product "works," e.g. that it's a visual overhaul rather than a rebuild from scratch.

```suggestion
- Experience working on or leading comprehensive design renewal for consumer or enterprise products.
```

Reviewer: I agree... 'consumer' is not accurate (I realize it was here before!) and we are looking for strong UI design more than specific redesign experience.

Author: Maybe we can change it to 'Strong UI design skills. Nice to have: experience working on or leading a product redesign' @rrhyne @quinnkeast @christinaforney

> - Experience working on or leading big product redesign.

Reviewer: - Strong user interface design skills

   - [30 min] [HM intro call](./interviews/hm_intro_call.md) with [Christina Forney](../../../company/team/index.md#christina-forney-she-her) (VP Product)

> 1. [1 hr] **[Portfolio review](./interviews/pd_portfolio_review.md)**: you to present your past work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [1 hr] **[Portfolio review](./interviews/pd_portfolio_review.md)**: You share a case study demonstrating your past work.
```

Reviewer: Quinn, I think this is a great addition. A small improvement is here: https://github.com/sourcegraph/about/pull/1599#discussion_r491182816

> 1. [1 hr] **[Portfolio review](./interviews/pd_portfolio_review.md)**: you to present your past work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [1 hr] **[Portfolio review](./interviews/pd_portfolio_review.md)**: you to present impactful projects from your portfolio, including a case study detailing a specific project
```

Author: @rrhyne I think that we want the candidate to present only one project, not 'impactful projects' wdyt?

Reviewer 2: I agree with setting the expectation clearly, and I'd much prefer a deep dig into one project than a surface-level look at several.

   - [Christina Forney](../../../company/team/index.md#christina-forney-she-her)

>    - one of Product Designers [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne), [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him) or [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - one of our Product Designers: [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne), [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him) or [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
```

1. [2 hrs] **[Design exercise](./interviews/pd_design_exercise.md)**: We give you a problem statement and you walk us through your design process in a 2 hour block.
   - [Christina Forney](../../../company/team/index.md#christina-forney-she-her)

>    - two Product Designers [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne), [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him) or [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - two of our Product Designers: [Rob Rhyne](../../../company/team/index.md#rob-rhyne), [Quinn Keast](../../../company/team/index.md#quinn-keast-he-him) or [Alicja Suska](../../../company/team/index.md#alicja-suska-she-her)
```
